# My name is Collin Vesel, and I am a software developer.

## Contact Me:
- Email: [cvesel217@gmail.com](mailto:cvesel217@gmail.com)
- LinkedIn: <https://www.linkedin.com/in/collin-vesel-a547901b2>
- Stack Overflow: <https://stackoverflow.com/users/11986124/collin-vesel>

## About Me:

My GitHub may not look like much right now, but I have used a lot of tools, and I have a lot of ideas for what I want to make with the experience I got from using them.

The projects I can actually show right now are mostly [homework-type projects](https://github.com/testmaster217/portfolio-hub) from the certificates I've earned in front-end devlopment, back-end development, and DevOps. As you can tell from exploring these projects, I used React and Python (with Django and Flask) heavily for them. I also have a lot of experience with Java and C# from college (though the C# was mostly through game development with Unity and I don't have nearly as much experience with the rest of the .NET tech stack), but none of those projects made it into my GitHub. (Feel free to ask me about them, though. I'd be happy to explain them!) And of course, I can learn whatever I need to.

In addition, I have a repo for a [personal website](https://github.com/testmaster217/personal-website) that I was working on using Next.js to provide even more proof that I can use the tools that companies might want, but after some time, I realized that this was overkill for what I wanted that website to be and am in the process of rebuilding it from the ground up using HTMX on the front-end and a custom web server on the back-end that I am currently in the process of designing. This server will be written in Go because its powerful standard library will allow me to eliminate the need for 3rd-party dependencies and keep the system as simple as possible, making it easier to maintain and leaving few ways for it to break. (In case you couldn't tell by that whole tangent, I'm pretty excited about this website. 😁)

I may not have a paying job yet, but I have done enough tutorials/courses/certificates, worked on my personal projects enough, and read enough LinkedIn posts (I will take whatever expertise I can get) that I have developed a lot of opinions about software development. I believe in the power of (properly done) test-driven development (TDDD), though I need more practice to learn how to use it in every situation. I prefer minimalist systems (I like Flask better than Django) because they are easier to undertsand, easier to maintain, and have less ways to break or get hacked. I am a bit annoyed that every programming language I've used so far seems to have some features that I like and some that I look at and go, "Why the heck is it like this?" I prefer not to use UI frameworks like Bootstrap, Tailwind, or Chakra UI, and I prefer to write code by hand rather than use low-code/no-code tools like Wordpress - all partly because I suspect that such frameworks and tools are a big part of why every website looks the same, and I would like my sites to have more personality than those. Most of all, I understand that software development is a craft - part art and part engineering - and I intend to treat it accordingly in the work that I do. Qualtiy is non-negotiable to me, because the world needs more of it.

If you want to reach me, you may email me at [cvesel217@gmail.com](mailto:cvesel217@gmail.com), or if you have LinkedIn Premium, you may message me [there](https://www.linkedin.com/in/collin-vesel-a547901b2/). (I don't use most social media platforms and most of the ones I do use are for personal use only.)
